c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\obj\x86\Debug\SubmarineGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SubmarineGame.exe
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SubmarineGame.pdb
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\obj\x86\Debug\SubmarineGame.exe
c:\users\robin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\obj\x86\Debug\SubmarineGame.pdb
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\obj\x86\Debug\SubmarineGame.exe
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\obj\x86\Debug\SubmarineGame.pdb
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SubmarineGame.exe
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SubmarineGame.pdb
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Robin\SubmarineGame\SubmarineGame\obj\x86\Debug\SubmarineGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
